Release Spark client v0.5.1 (#4416)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/garbage-collection.md

* Backup: copy expired objects from your repository's storage namespace to an external location before running GC in [sweep only mode](#sweep-only-mode).  
* Restore: copy objects that were hard-deleted by GC from an external location you used for saving your backup into your repository's storage namespace.

### Job options

> - This will only work with Hadoop versions > 3.1.3, meaning only for our hadoop 3 client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This will only work with Hadoop versions > 3.1.3, and so require a Hadoop 3 client.
```
(Both capitalization and to note that "Hadoop 3" itself is not enough!)

Author: thank you! done

- [https://docs.cloudera.com/HDPDocuments/HDP3/HDP-3.1.5/administration/content/distcp_faq.html](https://docs.cloudera.com/HDPDocuments/HDP3/HDP-3.1.5/administration/content/distcp_faq.html) explain distCp performance limitations and workarounds.
- Configuration options and link to docs

> - Note that the utility is not fast due to distcp limitations. you may prefer to backup your whole storage namespace with azcopy/ aws cp / rclone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note that the utility is not fast due to distcp limitations. you may prefer to backup your whole storage namespace with azcopy / aws cp / [rclone](https://rclone.org/).
```
Perhaps link to all of these?

Author: added. I accidentally left this docs change here, so I only left what's relevant now and will add more when I'll release https://github.com/treeverse/lakeFS/pull/4378.

### Running GC backup and restore 
{: .no_toc }

You can run GC backup and restore using `spark-submit` or using your preferred method of running Spark programs. 

> Currently, GC backup and restore is available for Spark 3.1.2 and 3.2.1, but it may work for other versions.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, GC backup and restore is available for Spark 3.1.2 and 3.2.1, but it may work for other versions.
```

* _storage namespace_: The storage namespace of the lakeFS repository you previously ran GC for.
* _storage type_: s3

> Run the following command to make the restore process start running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the restore process, run:
```

Author: done
